The HCG Diet

Use this diet to lose 25-35 pounds
STOP the hCG when you reach 46 days

Days 1 and 2
HCG Dose: 10 drops 3 times daily
Diet: Force Feeding (Pig Out - Don't hold back... it will come off easily)

Days 3 through 46 (44 days)
HCG Dose: 10 drops 3 times daily
Diet: Maintain 500 calories
As soon as your statistically normal weight is reached, stay on the same diet but increase your daily caloric intake to 800 to 1000 calories for the remainder of this phase.
*** if during this phase, you have a plateau where you don't notice weight reduction in 2-3 days or you notice an increase of 1-3 lbs in one weigh in:
This is the so-called "apple day".  An apple-day begins at lunch and continues until just before lunch of the following day.  The patients are given six large apples and are told to eat one whenever they feel the desire though six apples is the maximum allowed.  During an apple-day no other food or liquids except plain water are allowed and of water they may only drink just enough to quench an uncomfortable thirst if eating an apple still leaves them thirsty.  Most patients feel no need for water and are quite happy with their six apples.  Needless to say, an apple-day may never be given on the day on which there is an injection.  The apple-day produces a gratifying loss of weight on the following day, chiefly due to the elimination of water.  This water is not regained when the patients resume their normal 500-calorie diet at lunch, and on the following days they continue to lose weight satisfactorily.

Day 47 through Day 49 (3 Days) Very Important as these days set the Hypothalamus
HCG Dose: None
Diet: 500 calories daily
STOP DROPS AT THIS TIME

Day 50-72 (3 Weeks) (Add foods as noted on the Food Exchange List) Increase up to 1000 Calories
Diet: NO Carbohydrates (starches and sugars) (e.g. sugar, rice, bread, potatoes, pastries, etc.)  **DO NOT ADD BREADS OR STARCHES IN THIS PHASE**  When the three days of dieting after the last injection are over, you can now eat anything you please, except sugar and starch provided you faithfully observe one rule.  This rule is that you must have your own portable bathroom-scale always at hand, particularly while traveling.  You must
