Life, love and light

Posted on April 11, 2013 by johntravor1

Love.

Ok.

Love is.

Ah, duality.  Existence and non-existence.  The dilemma is born.

Why?  Why duality?  A debate as old as man.  Is it really required?

Life, love and light is my own personal mythology, part of my answer to these questions.

I use the word mythology deliberately.  Is there anyway from our current perspective the answers to such questions could be anything else?

I have a fairly strong skeptic in my engineer self.  And that skeptic is also quite skeptical of any ultimate explanation, even a straight materialist one.  I’ve heard that some physicists have come up with an experiment that can prove if we are in a giant computer simulation or if we are really here.  Really?  Wow!  But even the most skeptical must start with some givens, it seems.  If I start with the given that I am (whether I think or not), there are universes about which I can no longer be considered a skeptic.

And I’ve had experiences that suggest I should keep a rather open mind, as if my hyper-skeptic is not open enough.  These experiences lead me to reject materialism, or any monism for that matter, as too simplistic.  So, I am a dualist in the classical sense as well.

Another duality.  Another conflict.  How can this be love?  I don’t need anything especially traumatic to doubt my original premise.

Can there be such a thing as a rational dualist?  I believe so.  Read some Karl Popper, for example.  All of the early quantum physicists seemed to be dualists in some sense, but physics let that one go one hundred years ago.

How far can rational inquiry take you if you have an open mind?  I’ll never have any idea because I can not be that pure.  Still, there are some interesting things that science is coming up with.

I believe that Goedel let us know one hundred years ago that proof is a subset of truth.  So this blog is not just about science or even fringe science.  It is about a search for truth that expands in all directions.

Welcome.
