
 
Attachment is samsara.
 
Detachment is nirvana.
 
Samsara is nirvana. (Classically stated by the non-dualists as samsara and nirvana are not two.)
 
Can you follow the thread of attachment back to nirvana? This thread teaches "The Many is the One" where attachment is transformed to connection.
 
Can you follow the thread of detachment back to samsara? This thread teaches "The All is the Each" where detachment is transformed to compassion.
 
Walking down the hill today, I see the city across the bay shining brilliantly with a deep golden light reflected through the smog off the buildings from the early morning sunrise.
 
During the agrarian mythic literal age, the maze of personality was no more than weeds that needed cultivation or domestication.
 
During the industrial rational age, the fog of personality was transformed into a machine with smog that could kill you just by wandering around; no need to simply fall into a bog.
 
And in our informational post-modern age, the garbage-in, garbage-out capacity of personality fills the smoggy fog with radiation, ready to fry your brain.
 
This is samsara.
 
If the white devours the yolk there is no life, light or love. If the white nourishes the yolk we may yet break through our shells. May we be granted powerful beaks.
 
Can personality nourish essence rather than devour it by pretending it is essence? Personality is the essence of the vehicle, not the driver. The essence of the driver is attention and intention.
 
Love. Love is. Love is what is.
 
Life is what seems to be and its pathology is to pretend to be what is.
 
Light is what could be and its pathology is to pretend to be what should be.
 
In the beginnning, life sees light as death and light sees life as evil. How are they integrated back together to expand love? Life can be experience leading to wisdom. Light can be insight leading to action. How is this done?
 
Light disowns life and creates shadow. Life disowns light and creates unconsciousness.
 
In the beginning, personality may desire consciousness or hedonism to be happy. The stronger the desire the stronger the pain. Seek not life for peace for it is chaos. Seek not light for excitement, for it is order. Can you be conscious enough to no longer desire to inflict your shadow on others? Can you live freely and fully enough to no longer desire to inflict you unconsciousness on others?
 
The keys faith, hope and charity have been corrupted. How was this done? Hope has become the Great Deception. Charity has become the Great Enabler. Faith has become the Great Destroyer. This, too, is samsara. For now Spirit wishes to learn how to love without faith, hope or charity.
 
And how can Science, the supposed standard bearer of the rational blame Religion and remain blind to its own culpability despite Goedel and Heisenberg? The spirit is only allowed to soar to reason, never to truth. No wonder entertainers are the idols of our time. What is a rational spirituality that can really feed the soul?


