
LOVE is the ultimate fabric of the UNIVERSE beyond quantum fields (in QFT or Quantum Field Theory)

Yes, active physics research aggressively explores frameworks beyond Quantum Field Theory (QFT) because QFT breaks down at the Planck scale and fails to incorporate gravity. While QFT treats fundamental particles as zero-dimensional mathematical points, modern "Beyond QFT" research moves toward extended objects, algebraic dualities, and non-local structures.

as in String Theory

Physics may eventually find many layers beyond QFT and before LOVE

LOVE is still expanding.  Expansion caused ripples which first split into LIFE (troughs) and LIGHT (peaks).
LIFE represents more than biological life
LIGHT represents more than physical light

All manifest reality is created by LIFE and LIGHT interacting in infinite ways.  Likewise, all unmanifest reality ends up being a point of view (POV) of LOVE, of which all sentient life contain one such POV.

You are either expanding love or providing the space for love to expand.

There are only two givens, or knowns.
1) existence exists
2) awareness of existence exists
Next comes an assumption: something you decided before being conscious of the decision
Since you have awareness you can also know you are having an experience.  All experiences occur in the body, brain and mind.  You can not know that these experiences also occur in some other dimension.  Since the body, brain and mind mostly filter out experiences that do not have to do with survival, most experiences have to do with survival.  Beliefs are also a filter and can allow experiences in that do not have to do directly with physical reality, but you can not know these experiences actually point to other metaphysical realities: at most you can have experiences that defy your current understanding.  Some of these inexplicable experiences can come in unbidden and despite your beliefs.  "Noetic" experiences do not actually mean you know more than any one else and other's experiences must be respected, even if they believe they have access to knowledge you do not have.

Ideas here that do not correspond to the three "knowns" are beliefs.  Beliefs are normally the final arbiter of what you can experience and experiences will largely conform to your beliefs.

The unknown grows faster than the known.

12 souls
12 realms
12 chakras - vortexes for communication with the twelve souls and realms.
    two below root chakra and three above crown chakra

All chakras have a fear and love possibility: see chakras.txt for current map
sexuality and spirituality exist on a continuum: going up the chakras for love and light will eventually get sabotaged by work not done in the lower chakars

147 in extended Metatron's rhombic dodecahedron: 12 members of 12 tribes with three additional guides presiding
    12 (mass sub atomic) sphere's surrounding central sphere -> tetrahedron (fields)  around this gives current Quantum Field Theory map

